what is up guys jimmy choo choo in your
about watch a would be one of me versus
a little pooper scooper poo-poos gaming
we're on the server Opie mindSalt net a
prison server with some pvp elements
that are pretty fun and we're gonna be
on here fighting not gonna show you how
to win with a lovely little short hair
I've not near my inventory I've got some
crap check it out okay I must you guys
already get back your boo boo get back
here you dirty little animal your cheeky
little pooper scooper here we go people
try to take those hits like a saucy
policy oh I just took a bath baby and
I'm gonna lose I boo boo boo's going off
me gonna have to do some ninja so we all
da poo pooed are you going downtown
buddy pupus gaming ain't when i get time
for that all right here we go oh oh no
oh no oh no oh no it's the headache you
know come on Jojo yes I bet boo boo's
game and finally as you can see this is
very fun to be on this seller and I have
done quite a lot of mining not really
for some reason I have 4.2 billion
dollars or so let's go where let's go
check out the mines own Z since I've got
a lot you guys remember I don't have
video on here before so you guys are
more likely to come on and play with me
in the future so let's do this there's
no little PvP hairy down there my
chopped down hi pale pale you little
nemesis you I always see you sneaking
around the back of my videos your daily
ledwell yeah yeah a nice skin buddy
right so I'm gonna go to let me think
can I go to warp Z does that bring me to
the Zed oh yeah this is like the cool
place all the cool kids got my look at
all that Liberty whoa I have no pickaxe
oh I'll spaghetti huh I need a pick axe
maybe I need a pick axe or am I gonna
get a cray cray pickaxe I don't know man
they've checked out here only got four
diamonds winning that fight but yet look
at the big blocks and get there they're
gonna go back to spawn I'm gonna get my
pic eggs
and i'm going to show you guys how to
mine like a saucy baozi so check this
out and let's go to warp Z again you're
not allowed to go to warp seeing in this
area there we go boo milkshake 30 gold
tray down here and then I'm gonna go
show you guys how much stuffing now I
can totally build a diamond house I'm
here for that my magnet scale is going
up like crazy ciao ciao I've actually
never seen miners killing all of that
multiple foul that just goes to show
he'll be switched off is and I kind of
like the king and enjoys as well you
know what guys I just loved way I'm
gonna be a deal killer else on here but
now I love the way i will not there no
pvp fight so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna go to warp PvP see if there's
anybody else there 100 been afraid I
might go in here and try to take someone
out let's see you like how many of these
I can take it let's see golden apple
let's go to war pv pizza moniza oh no
somebody's no company me from behind get
out of here you dirty animal halo 4
master i see you buddy he tracked me I
got in my sky in the ball what one to
put my pimp you again get back here
people are you kidding water and it get
it water before you okay where you
poopoo that pesky pimp is a cheeky
little monkey oh it's running around
being all sneaky Ryan eat candies won't
kill here right let's try to scream me
lego man you going on fire yeah don't
give me on fire I'm on fire ok guys this
is gonna work one what am I gonna do
maybe there's a different little sneaky
people PvP area I could go to that
little pill pill it's a cheeky little
monkey he's a cheeky little monkey is
this PvP in here it is here's a lovely
little PvP area I bet you if I just turn
around now it's gonna be Pilko near oh I
totally saw poopoo who's gonna be there
bill bill that i bought me admire I
don't like being on fire good prospect
man you know what time to avenge myself
let's get less you /warp what for once I
swore and no way I need for / and Kitsch
Overlord will let me do that one ok
let's try qik let's say what's it what
kind of kids is
there's kids Opie gone let's try it out
Opie God boom ok I've got kit Opie guard
let's all help pill pill you ain't
stealin on a deist off and let's see
what my Opie God sort it has a lot of
good stuff on that lads you're gonna get
you can fly he can fly you're speaking
about that's not peel boom which what
those people who set me on fire i'm
alive i'm on fire i need quick get me
water get me water quickly oh right well
guys this is quite an epic fail all the
sneaky dirty little animals run around
this place I'm gonna keep trying to do
some sneaky community in here hope you
guys enjoyed this little 1v1 video I
want to try to do some sort of only worn
videos in the future hopefully get a
cool arena going like a woman lots of
power course you can jump off your
opponent's head so fat be real fun but
if you enjoyed this little video make
sure you give it a Liberty like and i'll
see you in future ones here dirty little
arrows see you later pooper scoopers
look saucy boat hey